# Monobank API Report Generator

This Python script fetches account activity reports from Monobank's API for two types of accounts: basic account and jar account. It then processes the data and generates short reports in CSV format. This tool is useful for tracking financial transactions and analyzing account activity.

## How It Works

The script performs the following steps:

1. **Fetch Data**: It makes API requests to Monobank's API to retrieve account activity data for the specified time period and account types (basic and jar accounts).

2. **Process Data**: It processes the fetched data and extracts relevant information such as transaction timestamps, transaction amounts, and transaction descriptions. It categorizes transactions based on the account type and formats the data for report generation.

3. **Generate Reports**: It generates short reports in CSV format for each account type, containing transaction timestamps, transaction amounts, and transaction descriptions. The reports are saved to the specified directory with filenames prefixed by the month and year of the report period.

## Usage

To use the script, follow these steps:

1. Ensure you have Python installed on your system.
2. Replace the placeholders with your Monobank API authentication token and account identifiers (`auth_token`, `jar_account`, `card_account`).
3. Specify the desired time period for the report by setting the `start_date` and `end_date` variables in UTC format.
4. Run the script using `Monobank_Reports.py`.
5. The script will fetch account activity data from Monobank's API, process it, and generate short reports in CSV format for basic and jar accounts.

## Dependencies

- `requests`: A Python library for making HTTP requests.
- `csv`: A built-in Python module for working with CSV files.
- `datetime`: A built-in Python module for working with dates and times.
- `time`: A built-in Python module for working with time-related functions.
- `os`: A built-in Python module for interacting with the operating system.

## Example Reports

Here are example reports generated by the script:

**For Basic and Jar Accounts:**

```csv
For Basic Account:

час,сума,від
26.01.2024 15:18:31,-3330.0,414962****9786
24.01.2024 07:08:09,-3920.0,414962****3147
23.01.2024 16:33:57,-765.44,414949****0317
18.01.2024 16:40:53,-1390.0,522119****7517`

For Jar Account:

```csv
час,сума,від
02.01.2024 10:40:55,50.0,Ірина
02.01.2024 10:37:49,40.0,Наталя
02.01.2024 10:16:45,100.0,Вікторія
02.01.2024 10:12:23,25.0,Ольга
02.01.2024 10:03:58,50.0,Євгенія
02.01.2024 10:03:22,100.0,Оксана`
